All right.
Good morning, everybody. Thank you
for joining us again today. I did a
video last night and I didn't like the
way it flowed too well. So I told
Braden, "I want to do a new video
today and we're going to pray more
instead of talking so much."I just
want to go over some of the things that
the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer.
This is what's amazing:
while
we were
praying—during
that
two-hour
prayer
time—the
Lord was showing us Benny Johnson.
He released a video within that hour
of the exact same thing that we were
praying over for his protection, for his
family, for his children, and all the
things the Lord was showing us. Then
about the other person—who is the other
person?
Nick Shirley. So, we're going to pray
over Nick Shirley again today and we're
going to pray over Benny Johnson. This
is amazing. He released this video of
all the fraud and investigative
reporting
he was
doing,
reporting all the things
that were just so bad about California
yesterday. And I thought, "Isn't that
amazing?"But
that's what the Lord was
showing us in the spirit. To
me,
it was just a pat on the back—not
a
pat on the back, but a
moment when
the Lord loves on you.
He's just saying, "Hey, you're
going the right
direction."So,
all glory to Jesus. We always
start out the broadcast by telling you
that everything we see and everything we do
on this channel is all to the glory of
God. It's none of us and all of Him. We
decrease, He increases every single
time. I want to tell you that we
yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to it, and I thank You, Lord, that
You flow through this broadcast today.
Father, let Your name
be great.
We give You all the glory, honor, and
praise, uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force. We apply
the blood of Jesus over this broadcast
and
over
anything that You want to show us. If
not, Father, we would just pray for the
things that You already have. And we
give You all the glory, honor, and
praise for everything that You do
through this channel, everything
You will continue to do in the future,
and everything You've done in the past.
Father, we give You the glory,
the honor, and the praise.
And we thank You, Father, for Your
divine protection over this land and for
Your divine protection over our
president today. We lift him up before
You, Father, and we thank You, Lord, in
the name of Jesus. I was just
getting right into prayer, wasn't
I? Was there anything else we wanted
to see? Oh, the Valley of
Decision where we are.
The Lord spoke to me early this
morning and He said to me, "Brandon, this
is a very important week concerning
President Trump's term. This is the
week. This is the Valley of
Decision."The
decisions he
makes this week—even last week—the
Lord
said the two weeks going into this timeframe of
the 3rd
(tomorrow is the
3rd,
today is the 2nd,
Groundhog
Day). This
is
the
timeframe
Lord warned us about as they call for
meetings in Turkey this week with Iran.
They're wanting to have
these meetings and make the decisions of
"pushing the button"concerning Iran,
concerning liberating the
people of Iran, and doing the things that
we're praying lead
to
major revival.
This is about the finances of the
nations as we see China today saying
that there's some kind of coup
going on in their military. Did you
see that article?
I found that this morning early
while
I was praying
and
texted
it to you.
Can you show the
title of that so they can see it
better?
See, this is what we saw,
and they're saying it now on Fox.
What was the purpose of this? To
bring a hedge of protection over Taiwan
to give them more time
for
revival in the land of Asia going
through China,
South Korea, and North Korea, and
to
bring confusion into the regime
of China in the days ahead. The
Lord said, "I'm going to bring a major
wave of My presence and there will be a
shaking in
China."He
said it will start with the
military
and they will try to oust Xi Jinping in
the days ahead. They'll try to get
him out and bring in a new
government because there
will
be so much confusion and chaos
in the Chinese government. There
will
be
major financial shakings in China.
We're seeing it now:
"China's Xi
has lost complete
control over China's
military."I
thought that's what the Lord was
showing us.
Two weeks now we've been praying over
this because the Lord said, "I want to
bring a revival."That's what I'm trying
to tell you all. Do you realize where we
are with the signs of the times of the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ? Or do
you have your head in the sand?
If you are thinking that Jesus is coming
back later rather than sooner, you're missing
it.
Right now, we have an opportunity
for a major revival across this world.
It's happening—a stirring. What did the
Lord say 2026 would
start out to be? He said it would be a
political
theater—a
lot of drama in 2026
concerning political things
for a "shaking to awaken."First Corinthians
5:5, He said, would begin in the house
of the Lord, for there is great
corruption in My church.
People say I yell too much, so I'm going
to try not to yell. But it's just my
voice;
it carries. You can hear me. If I
talk in Walmart and my kids are in
there, they say,
"Daddy,
we can hear you across the whole
store."It's
just my
voice. It carries a long
way.
I don't have to have a microphone.
You can hear me across the
auditorium,
and if I'm yelling, it's really going to
carry across
a
football field. But it is
what it is. So here
we
see that "Trump Iran
reportedly prepares to talk in
Turkey."This
is it: the Valley of Decision
concerning the Fed,
concerning this week, and concerning how
we handle Israel.
This is all pointing into a major
revival. This is all coming to a head
concerning Cuba and the finances
of America as we saw silver tank like a
lead balloon this weekend.
I think gold even fell. We see all these
major shakings in the financial sector.
Then we see the UN. Did you show them the UN
article?
"UN
faces imminent financial
collapse."They're
not paying their bills.
It's kind of interesting.
I know that Donné Clement Petruska was saying that her
daddy
said—all
the shakings in the UN, all the
prophetic words that Kim gave before
he went home to be with the
Lord—we're
seeing those words
come to pass. They're happening right
now. He gave those 15
or
20 years ago,
and those words are starting to manifest
right in front of our
faces.
The escalation of
things is at an all-time high.
Every day I wake up, I have such
an urgency in my spirit to do corporate prayer
with you
all.
We take this
seriously;
we know who we are in Christ. We
take our authority and we don't just sit
back idly and say, "Whatever
will be, will be."We steer the ship in
prayer. We can steer this thing in
prayer
by who we are. As He is, so are we in
this world. That's why
I keep drilling this and
telling you all that you have the ability as
sons and daughters of the Most High God
to change things through the power of
prayer. Don't allow the enemy to try to
tell you that you're just a weak,
good-for-nothing,
whatever. No, I'm a
child of the King. I'm created in His
image. We can do all things through
Christ who strengthens me. Greater is He
that is in us than he that is in the
world. A thousand shall fall at our side
and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh me. You either believe it
or you don't. And if you're a believing
believer that has a backbone like a
crowbar, you're going to be willing, and
we are able. He is
able. He has made us able to take the
land.
And I believe the best is yet to come.
Yes, we see the valley of decision and
we know what the Lord told us
concerning President Trump and his life.
The Lord Jesus stood right here and He
told me the decisions he makes
in the next couple weeks will be the
make or break of his presidency.
I took it when He said that. He
said, 'I will hold the church
accountable for how they prayed for
him.'It's
our job as a church to pray for our
president. I had so many people say,
'Well, why would you pray for him? Let
him go. We'll get somebody
else who's better.'Are you kidding me?
We have a lot of ignorant people in this
world.
It's our job to pray. I believe with
all my heart that God has appointed
President Trump for such a time as this.
And we will protect him
with prayer, and he will live
long and finish his assignment that God
has called him to do. I don't believe
there is a better person for the job. I
don't. But the Lord said it will be an
open door of pride
that would do this. This would be an
open door to kill, steal, and
destroy the things the Lord has told him
to do to go on the right side. The
enemy
is waiting in the trenches
saying, 'Listen, how do we take him
out of his path?
What opens the door? Disobedience opens
doors. Pride opens doors.'There's lots
of things that will try to open the
door. Is it always just about death? No.
It's even
impeachment—not
having the right red wave in
November and having an impeachment in
2027 or 2028 because
of losing the Senate and
the House.
There's a lot here and there's a lot to
lose.
The church needs to wake up and we have
a revival. The only thing that's going
to save America is an awakening unto
God.
The Lord said, 'They
have put their eyes on Trump as the
savior of America, Brandon. And I'm the
only one that will save
America.'A
revival is the only thing. I've given
you a reprieve. What will you do with
this reprieve?
But even with this reprieve, the valley
of decision and the decisions he
makes as the head of this nation,
as basically the leader of the free
world—what
makes or breaks the world is how
America goes and how Israel goes. And
this is all what's happening. I want to
show you this clip from Lindsey Graham
today. Now, I don't necessarily agree
with everything this man always says,
but I agreed with what he said here.
I believe this is the
book.
Play that
right now and then we'll go right
to prayer. We're going to take
communion. We're going to pray. But this
is interesting what he says.
'If this regime is still standing the day
after, if we put years of chaos, I have
every confidence that President Trump
will do what he promised to the people.
Help is on the way. Keep protesting. If
this regime falls, Hamas, Hezbollah, the
Houthis,
they all go. It'd be the
biggest change since the fall of the
Berlin Wall. But here's one thing I
know: Donald Trump is Ronald Reagan
plus, in my mind, Venezuela and soon Cuba.
The one thing you can't do as president:
talk like Reagan and act like Obama.
There's no deal to be done here. These
people are not trustworthy. The
protesters in the street are not
protesting for a better nuclear deal.
They're protesting for a better life.
And if they win the day, we have a
chance to have friends with the people
of Iran. The Ayatollah will never be our
friend. He's a religious Nazi. President
Trump, you said help is on the way. That
has to be real. It has to be real soon.
Do it, Mr. President. The people of Iran
are begging you to be on their
side. You have done it so well. You are
Reagan plus. This is the defining
moment in your presidency. Stand by the
people. The Ayatollah falls. The region
changes bigger than the fall of the
Berlin Wall. No more international
terrorists. This regime has American
blood on its hands since 1979.
You got the Houthis, you got
Hezbollah
killing Americans. Bring this regime
down because the people want it down.
You don't have to invade the country.
But help on the way means military
strikes against the infrastructure that
is killing the Iranian people. Go after
the ones who are killing the people. Put
this regime on notice. We're never going
to let up. Strangle their economy. It
will fall. The people will take over.
And over time, we will have a friend in
Iran, not an enemy. Hezbollah, Hamas, the
Houthis, all fall. The biggest thing you
could possibly ever do to the Middle
East is take this regime down. And
they're as weak as they've ever been
since 1979. Mr. President, you can do
it. I hope you will do it. And if you
do, this is Reagan
plus.'Okay.
So, do you remember every time I told
you I saw Reagan divided in his face?
Trump was on half. Reagan was on half.
And I saw the Berlin Wall. And this was
the defining moment every single time.
I told Braden, 'This is exactly
what I saw in the spirit.
This was a Reagan moment.'We've prayed
over this since this time last year.
We've been praying since he
first got into power. And the Lord said
he will be like a Reagan.
He will
bring the wall
down. And I saw, 'Bring that wall
down.'And
I heard, 'Gorbachev, bring that wall
down.'I
heard Ronald Reagan speaking
through Trump, which I thought was
interesting. And then Lindsey Graham is
saying the exact same thing I saw in the
spirit, but he's saying it in the
natural.
Isn't
that powerful what he just said? Because
that's what I saw about Ronald Reagan.
And then I saw liberation coming to
Cuba.
I saw he would be a person that
would go into Cuba and free the
Cuban people to have freedom of religion
to do the things that they needed to do
because they were underneath a dictator.
The same with Kim Jong-un—that the days
of Kim Jong-un are coming to an
end. The Lord said, 'I'm getting
rid of the Pillsbury Doughboy.'You say,
'Well, I don't believe He talks that
way.'He
talks that way to me. It's
a
personal relationship with me. God
talks
to you how He wants to talk to
you. He talks to me like a friend. He's
going to get rid of Kim Jong-un. He's
going to get rid of his sister. He said,
'I'm getting rid of the tyrants, and
there will be a great revival in
North Korea.'That will be a small window
because the military will try to rein it
in.
There'll be shaking in China. There'll
be shaking. And He said, 'Pray a dome
of protection over
Taiwan because in the days ahead,
they'll try to take the land.'But if you
hold it back, you can hold things back
through prayer.
You don't realize who you are, church.
You don't realize the authority that you
have.
You don't realize what God has given you
as a child of the Most High God.
Do
you want to hear that? Do you want to play
it, son?
When was this clip?
Well, I think you talked about
it again, but this is July, though I think
the original one was around April.
This is July. I played this. Good job,
son, you found it.
Just play it.
Several more: escalate war. He wants
peace. He was
saying—and
that's whenever I saw, if you go back
several more videos—I saw the Berlin
Wall. I saw the Berlin Wall, and I saw it
was in Germany. I heard and I
saw half of Trump's face and half
of Ronald Reagan's face, and I heard,
'Bring down that
wall,''that
Iron Curtain of
communism,'and
things like that. It was like a
type and shadow as Trump was operating
in his presidency like a Ronald Reagan.
And that's when I was seeing the Cold War. I
was seeing the darkness of Cuba. And
the Lord said, 'Pay attention to
Cuba.'He
keeps bringing up Cuba
over and over again. Even in this
last video, I saw Cuba and it was
highlighted again, but it was completely
dark.
It's pretty amazing because the Lord's
saying it now. He has a choice to make
in this valley of decision. Will you
follow through, sir, with what God has
called you to do? Or will you allow
corrupt communication, the counsel of
the ungodly, to sway you from what God
has called you to do? And that's what
the Lord is saying to you. He said,
'Brandon, that was that devil that I saw
in the Oval Office that was pecking at
his brain.'It's counsel from ungodly
people that is swaying his mind. He
knows what the Lord is telling him to
do, but there's demonic principality
spirits that are trying to be a storm
over the White House. I saw these
demonic influences picking and poking at
his brain, causing confusion.
And if everybody remembers
that octopus-looking
spirit that was
trying to latch around their minds, that
was bringing a corruption over their
mind like a fog;
and the Lord said, 'This is a demonic spirit.'It
looked
like
some kind of aquatic demonic spirit.
And so that's what we're going to
pray for this week.
I don't understand it all. You know,
we see in part, we hear in part as to what
God shows us. We don't get it all at the
same time.
It's not about us; it's about Him. It's
so that we deflect the glory always to
our Father. It isn't about bringing
light to Brandon Biggs or to my family;
it's always to show how good God is and
that He would speak to His people and
tell them how to pray for the nation
because He loves us so much. This is all
about how much Jesus Christ loves you
and how much He died for you. He shed
His blood for you. He made a way for you
to walk in victory.
But it's your choice to receive it and
walk in it. He's a gentleman. He
doesn't force you to do anything. He's
always there, an ever-present help in a
time of need. But it's your job to
receive everything He's given you by
faith. I will walk in the victory that
Jesus has for me.
I walk in that just like I tell you all
the time. It's my choice. I yield to the
anointing of the prophetic. I yield to
the anointing of the watchmen.
I yield to it. It's your choice. So,
whatever God has for you, it's your
choice to yield to it. He may have
called you to be the greatest school
teacher that there ever was, or a
mechanic, or a cook, or a businessman
or woman. I don't know. All I know
is that God has called us to do
something, and it's to do something all
to His glory and to be great in what we
do.
We're children of the
most high God.
And I believe it's time for us to be
that backbone like a crowbar and to be
victorious in these last days.
So, I'm so thankful for all of you that
have joined me at this different hour. I
know right now I usually don't do
videos at this time, but I felt in
my heart to come on here this morning
later and pray with you with a different
crowd.
We're hitting different crowds
because there's different parts of the
world that have never seen us live. We
usually just do them at night.
And so I'm doing some
things differently now. So
let's do some prayer and let's take
communion together, and let's believe God
for this valley of decision that we're
walking through this week with our
President going into the State of the
Union in a couple weeks. I believe it's
in three weeks. We are praying over the
Olympics this week and the Super Bowl,
praying over what the Lord showed us
about this protest, that they would
cause a distraction—a reaction to a distraction.
Think about
it. He said because of the Epstein list
and the things that were being exposed
from these elitists, from these
Illuminati, these dark people, the Lord
said they would cause a distraction from
all what is going on with
this reaction.
They would have a sleight of hand in the
days ahead because there'll be darker
and more embarrassing things that
will come out from a new Edward Snowden
in the days ahead. The Lord spoke to us
specifically that it would be Anonymous.
And he said Anonymous will
release—there'll
be a hacker group that will
hack into and release even greater
secrets for a ransom. They won't get
their ransom, so they'll release
embarrassing moments from
the
Democratic Party and sports
people and things like that. And the
Lord said these would be highly
embarrassing moments. And it goes
alongside what
Prophet Kim Clement said—or
what
Kim Clement
saw—highly
embarrassing moments. And the Lord
showed us more detail
into what Kim was seeing how
many years ago.
The word of the Lord doesn't die.
So he sees in part and hears in part back
when
he was alive, and the Lord
raised up new people to take the baton
and keep exposing and
speaking it forth. How many times did
the Lord call people to speak forth
words saying that His Son was coming
the first time? It didn't come through
just one prophetic voice; He spoke it
through many.
So whenever He's coming back the second
time, He doesn't just speak it through
one prophetic voice; He speaks it through
many.
He's coming.
Jesus is coming. It's time to get your
house in order. It's time to get ready.
You're running out of time. He's
standing at the door right now, waiting
for His Father's instructions. The Bible
says that no man knows the day or the
hour of when the Son of Man returns, but
we know the signs of the times are all
around us. And we see the ripening of
the fig tree. It's all happening in
front of us right now as we speak.
But most people have their head in the
sand and they don't see it. As in the
days of Noah, so will it be when the Son
of Man returns. Look at what they were
like in the days of Noah in the Bible
and what He tells us in the book of
Genesis.
Countless times Noah was always telling
them, 'There's a flood coming.
There's a flood coming. You need to get
ready.'They
laughed at him and scoffed
at him because there was never rain.
But I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain.
I can hear it in the distance. And the
Lord said, 'I'm not going to judge this
world again by flood; it'll be by fire
next
time.'I'm
telling you by the spirit of God,
ladies and gentlemen, it's time to get
your house in order. There's voices
crying in the wilderness. There's a
voice crying just like John the Baptist
said. He said it: there's one coming.
He came. He dwells on the inside of us.
But guess what? He said He would baptize
you with the Holy Ghost and fire. It's
time for you to accept the Lord Jesus
Christ and get your house in order.
You're running out of time.
As we watch the signs of the times all
around us, I hope you feel an urgency.
Are you that frog in a pot, and the water
and the temperature is getting hotter
and hotter and it's getting ready to
boil? And there's many of you that don't
realize how close you are to
destruction.
I pray today you find my friend.
I pray today that if you're here right
now and you've never accepted the Lord
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
savior, and you're here and you're
watching me and you're saying, 'Who is
this guy?'I'm just a guy, a voice
crying in the wilderness.
It's not about me. It's about me telling
you that Jesus Christ is coming. And if
you're here today and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ—out of the 4,900
people that are watching—and you've
never accepted my friend Jesus, you say,
"Well, I've heard a lot about him.
Grandma
used to tell me about it in Bible
stories,"but
I'm here just
because I want to hear what the
bald-headed guy says is coming next.
I don't know what Jesus will show us
today. I don't control the gift; he's in
control of it. But I'm sure he might
show us something.
The most important thing is not being here to try to entertain you for what's coming, but to tell
you so you'll pray.
The most important thing is
that you accept Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal Savior.
And if you're here right now and you've
never accepted him, if you've never
confessed him as your Lord, it's time.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and
after that the judgment. If you're here
today and you've never confessed Jesus
Christ as your Lord, today's your day.
You may not have another opportunity to
accept him. Today might be your last day
on this earth. You could watch this
broadcast, click out of it, and have a
tragic car accident on the way to
where you're supposed to be going, or the
very shoes you put on today to go to
work—the
undertaker might be taking them off that
night.
No one's promised tomorrow.
Today is the day of salvation.
So I want to ask you today:
you may know a lot about Jesus, but does
he know you?
If you were to die
today, where would you spend eternity?
The most important thing that I will
ever tell you is that the time is
running out and the ark door is closing.
It's just like the days of Noah. He's
standing at the door. I'm telling you,
I've seen him countless times. But as
I am here right now, you have the
opportunity to accept my friend.
I want to present this to you right now,
and
I want you to search your heart.
Am I talking to you? Is Jesus at your
door knocking at your heart? He's there
right now. He's saying, "Will you follow
me? Will you allow me to be your friend?
Will you allow me
to give you a new future, a new path, a
new
hope?"It's
your choice.
As you're watching this video right
now—I
don't know what time you're watching
it, you could be watching the
replay—but
last video we had 87 salvations.
There were 87 new people that came to the
Lord Jesus Christ through this channel.
We give all the glory to
God, and we're so thankful for every
single one of you. But I believe
we're throwing out that net again. Will
you accept Jesus?
Jesus died for you publicly, and I want
you to be public about your decision
right now. If you're here right now and
you've never had an experience with
the Lord Jesus, or you used to be on fire
for the Lord, but the very people that
you went away from... you used to
be in sin, you used to be in the party
scene, the drug scene,
the sex scene, whatever.
And the very thing you said you repented
of, you went back to.
And just like the prodigal son or the
prodigal
daughter, whoever you may
be, you're in that
pigpen
right now
and you're sitting there looking at
yourself and you say, "What have I
become?
What have I done with my life? I
used to be on fire. I used to be so sold
out to the Lord."But in the process of
life, I became weary and well-doing, and I
gave my thoughts and my mind back
over to reprobate thinking.
And today I want to make a fresh, clean
start.
He's never left you and he's never
forsaken you. You turned your back on
him; he didn't turn his back on you.
He's there with the robe. He's there
saying, "Let's kill the fatted calf. My
son, my daughter's coming home
today."But
you have to make a decision to come
home.
And the moment you do, he's there
waiting for you.
He loves you. He's never turned his
back. Like I said, he's never said, "You
know what? I don't really care about
them anymore."He's always been that
ever-present help. He's wanting to say, "Hey,
will you just give me a chance
to make your mess into a
message?"I
want to do it. I want to change your
life, but you've got to let me in.
I want to take all those chains of iron
and all that baggage off
of you, and I want to give you a
fresh, clean day today. You're
not here by coincidence; you're here by
divine appointment. I believe it.
So, I want to say a simple prayer for
you, but I want you to be bold in your
decision today in the comment section.
And I want you to say today, "I'm coming
home, and I want to give the
Lord
a chance.
I want to become born again. I
want to ask the Lord to
forgive me. I want to
basically sell out.
I want to just be all
in."So
right now, if I'm talking to you and
you feel that stirring on the inside of
you, if you feel that knocking on your
heart,
will you just allow the
Lord
to help you?
Take all the pride out of it.
Don't go to hell for pride.
Today's your day.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer
right now. Say, "Jesus, I believe you're
the son of God. I believe that you died
for me and you rose again on the third
day. Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a
savior.
I ask you, God, to forgive me of my
sins,
Lord. I used to be on fire for you. I
used to be sold out to you, but I've let
the world back in and I've messed up.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my
back on the world. I turn my back on the
devil. I turn my back on my sin. And
Jesus, I ask you to give me a fresh,
clean start today.
I sell out to you, Lord. From this day
forward, I'll serve you with all my
heart. I ask you to write my name in the
Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free from sin.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again.
I love you, Lord, and I thank you, Lord,
that you've invited me into your
kingdom today. As I confess my sins, you
are faithful and just to forgive me of
my sins and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness.
Today I'm saved. Today I'm born again,
Lord. And I will serve you from this day
forward in the name of Jesus. Amen and
amen."I
believe if you just said that
prayer, I believe you just gave your
heart to Jesus. It was a simple prayer,
but with the mouth confession is made and with the
heart
unto salvation. You've got to
confess it with your mouth and you've
got to believe in your heart. That's it.
So, if you just did that, what do you do
next? You find a
Bible-believing
church. You tell
them, "I just got born again watching
some guy on YouTube, and I need to
be water-baptized.
Will you help me?"And I'm sure they'll
help you. Find a Bible. A
non-denominational church is where I
would go—one that believes in the
baptism of the Holy Ghost. You need to
get baptized in the Holy Ghost, speaking
with tongues, and you get radically on
fire for Jesus. And I'm telling you,
"this
little light of mine, I'm going to
let it shine"will become an inferno.
And people will be attracted to you from
all over. They're going to say, "What is
different about you?"Don't go back to
the trash you used to go to. But he
said, "Behold, I make all things
new."Grab
a hold of the all things new today.
But it's your choice.
You've got to get radically plugged in.
Read your Bible every day. You say,
"Brandon, I don't have a Bible."We will
buy you a Bible for free. My wife and I
want to sow it to you and bless you
for your decision today and accepting Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
And we want to celebrate your decision
today by giving you your first Bible. If
you just go down in the comment section
below, there's
an email address there. Go to
the link
in the description. Go in
there, click on it, and put in the title: 'I
got born again watching you.'We want
to give you your first Bible to rejoice
and be excited with you. I want you to
come back here and pray with us. We
pray
every day, and so
we're going to pray with you. You get
strong. Get involved in that church
you're going to. Get water baptized.
Go in there
for
every class they have; if they've got a
Sunday service or a Wednesday
service, get plugged in.
Don't go off and be a lone ranger.
Get plugged into a body so they can
teach you about what you've done. But
you've
got to go to a good
Bible-believing
church. Don't go to some dried-up church
that doesn't teach the word of God.
You've
got to go in there and
stir yourself up. And you say, 'Where is
that?'Like
I said, usually a
non-denominational church is where
we would go. So, all 95 of you, welcome
to the family. There were 95 people that
just accepted the Lord Jesus Christ at
this time. And we want to say thank you
for coming here today, and
we're so excited for the
decision that you just made. We rejoice
with you. 95 people. Isn't that
wonderful, son?
95 people. Last time it was 83, and
95 today.
All glory to God.
Hallelujah.
You make me want to cry every time;
it
gets me excited. Heaven is rejoicing, and
hell is saying we just lost a good
sinner. And so we're so excited about
it.
I know I won't cry about it, but every
time I see people coming to
Jesus—96
now.
Well, praise the Lord.
I'm so thankful that you would even want
to listen to it.
I
remember what it was like to
be lost and to be found.
And it was the best decision I ever made
to give Jesus Christ my heart.
It's not always been easy, but I'm going
to tell you, the best is yet to come for
the believer.
And I rejoice in my heart for you
that you would
just come here today. And I'm so
thankful that the Lord would draw
you here.
We'll pray for you and we will be with
you. If you ever fall down in
sin again, you run to God;
you don't run from Him.
To those that were lost and now
are
found, you were blind but now
you see. To all you that were weary
and well-doing, welcome home.
Welcome home.
We're excited for you. And so all that
being said, glory to God.
I
get a little flustered,
but I get on track because I
intercede for you all the time for
people to be saved.
And I'm so thankful that the
Lord told us to start this YouTube
channel, if it wasn't just for you.
So, we're going to take communion
and we're going to rejoice
for the salvations that were just
brought in today. All 96 of you.
Hallelujah. I got too
emotional on that one.
Okay, we've got work to do.
Father, we just thank You for the body.
We thank You, Lord, that You were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon You,
and with Your stripes, Lord, we are
healed. And we take this body in the
name of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord
Father, for all the people that got born
again today. We thank You, Lord, for
healing. We thank You, Lord, for
demonstrations and manifestations of the
glory. We thank You, Lord, that as He
is, so are we in this world, and that we
walk in boldness and we walk in victory.
And we tell the people
about the Lord Jesus and that He's
coming back sooner than we think. We
take this body in the name of Jesus and
we lift it up before You, and we
receive healing right now for our bodies
from the top of our head to the soles of
our feet. We believe we receive our
healing in Jesus'name. And we thank You,
for whom the Son has set free is free
indeed, and we believe it in
Jesus'name.
Amen. We take the body.
Lord, we thank You for the blood, and we
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. We apply the blood
over us and we thank You, Lord. Just like
a minute ago, we confessed our sins
before You. And Father, we're so
grateful because if it wasn't for the
blood, we would not be free. It was
because the blood of Jesus was shed for
us that He set us free. And we take the
blood right now in Jesus'name. And we
thank You, Lord, for this precious blood.
Jesus, You said, 'Do this often in
remembrance of me.'And this is
just us saying we acknowledge what You did and
we're so grateful for what You did, and
it never loses its power.
We plead the blood all around this
house. We plead the blood around our
finances. We plead the blood over our
children. We thank You, Lord, that the
angels of the Lord are encamped around
about us and they protect us today,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We plead the
blood in Jesus'name. Amen.
He's so good to us.
All right, let's take... Wait,
I'll
anoint my head. Father, I thank You,
Lord, if You show me anything. I
have
my anointing; I have my little Billy
Burke box.
He gave me these oils.
Father, I plead the blood over my head.
Father, I cover my head in the blood.
And Father, if You want to show me
anything, I yield to the anointing of
the prophetic, Father. And I thank You,
Lord, that it isn't about us; it's about
You. And we thank You, Lord, for the
blood. We cover it. No demonic spirits
come and talk to us at all. We hear only
Your voice, and a stranger's voice we
will not follow.
Father, we lift up this time. I'm going
to sing the song real quick:
'We worship and adore You,
bowing down
before You.
Songs
of
praises
singing,
hallelujahs
ringing.
Hallelujah,
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Amen.'We worship and adore You, bowing down before You. Songs of praises singing, hallelujahs ringing. Hallelujah, Hallelujah,
Hallelujah, Amen. We worship and adore You, bowing down before You. Songs of praises singing, Hallelujahs ringing. Hallelujah, Hallelujah.
We worship.
We worship and adore You.
We're bowing down
before You.
Songs
of praises is singing,
Hallelujahs
ringing.
Hallelujah,
Amen.
We worship
and
adore You.
We bow down
before You.
Songs of praises singing,
Hallelujahs
ringing.
We praise You.
We adore You.
Bowing
down
before You.
We bow down before You today.
We sing Hallelujah.
We worship You, Father.
We praise You, Father,
for You are good and Your mercy endures
forever.
For the Lord, He is good and His mercy
endures forever.
Great is Your faithfulness, O God.
Great is Your faithfulness to us.
We worship
and adore You.
We bow
down
before You.
Songs
of
praises
singing,
Hallelujah
is
ringing.
Hallelujah,
Amen.
We worship
and
adore You,
bowing
down
before You.
We worship You, Father,
for You inhabit the praises of Your
people today.
We thank You, Lord.
Lord, we lift up our president today
before You.
We lift up our president today in this
valley of decision.
We lift him up, Father.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that he
takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We thank You, Lord, that he would put
around him upright people.
All demonic influence,
we command it to bow its knee in the
name of Jesus.
We put a bloodline all around
our president today that no weapon
formed against him would prosper. A
thousand shall fall at his side and ten
thousand
at his right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh him. We thank You, Lord,
that even the hardest of hearts,
You're able to prick them just like You
did in Acts chapter 2.
That the hearts
that are hard and not pliable to You,
that You prick the hearts, Father, and
You make them soft and pliable.
The heart
of
the king is in the hand
of the Lord.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You
bring up leaders and You bring down
leaders. And right now, we pray over our
leader,
the one that is over the United States
of America, the land that is one nation
under God. And we will remain a nation
that is one nation under God.
There have been many principalities and
powers that have tried to knock us off
of that. But we will remain in the name
of Jesus, the blood-bought, the church,
the redeemed. We take our authority in
the name of Jesus. And we say you will
not make us a goat nation. We will
remain a sheep nation in the name of
Jesus.
And we call a mighty revival. The sound
of a mighty rushing wind all throughout
this nation from sea to shining sea, from
Canada to the Gulf. We command a great
revival in the name of Jesus all
throughout our churches, that our
pastors and our teachers and our
evangelists would preach the good news
of the Lord Jesus Christ and the coming
of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that he is
coming sooner than later; that there
would be a great move of
revival all throughout our pews and our
pulpits. And we say in the name of
Jesus, not of hardness of hearts,
but of repentance,
a coming of the saving
of the good Lord Jesus Christ
throughout all the land.
Revival again,
revival again.
That they would visit this land one more
time, Jesus,
for a great move of your presence from
sea to shining sea.
But Father, I thank you Lord that
revival starts with us.
Revival starts with me. Revival starts
in our pastors preaching repentance.
Our revival would start with our
pastors preaching correction,
giving them a backbone like a crowbar.
That they would not be moved by
seeker-friendly
messages anymore.
That you would bring forth a boldness
behind the pulpit telling the people one
more time that it's time to repent. It's
time to come to Jesus today.
Shake our pastors. Shake the
evangelists. Shake the teachers,
the prophetic voices to rise up and to
proclaim what you're saying upon the
nations. That they will not be afraid to
speak to the itching ears anymore. That
they would speak forth the glorious
church arising without spot or wrinkle.
Like the Tommy Hicks vision was, that the
giant would wake up out of the land and
Father, they would move together as one
body with one voice with one sound.
Raising up this generation one more
time, one more revival greater than what
happened at Pensacola, greater than what
happened at Azusa Street. Father, I
thank you Lord that there will be many
Azusa
streets all throughout this
nation, all throughout Canada, all
throughout Asia, all throughout
Europe, all throughout Africa, all
throughout South America,
the Middle East.
There'll be streets, and it won't
just be 'this little light of
mine.'We
say this inferno of ours, Father, that
we would rise up with the fire of the
Lord inside of our belly and out of our
belly shall flow rivers of living water
in these last days.
Do it once again, Lord.
Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Bring us up higher with the fire. Lord,
it's time. Father,
we call revival.
We call a move of God throughout this
land. One more time, Jesus.
Shake our churches.
Shake the youth of this nation.
Bring them to your side, Lord.
Whatever it takes to wake up the church,
Lord. Wake them up, Lord, out of their
sleep and out of their slumber.
But first, you wake up the pastors. Wake
up the prophets. Wake up the teachers,
the evangelists, the apostles. Wake them
up, Lord.
Bring true repentance back to the
church;
bring holiness back to the church that
we don't look like the world. We look
like the glorious
church.
Bring a revival to Australia today.
Lord, bring a great Holy Ghost movement
of revival to the Philippines and all
throughout South Korea. And we pray a
hedge of protection over South Korea and
that the glorious church would rise
again like it did with Dr. Cho.
I hear the sound of revival
with brush arbor churches again. Lord,
uncap those wells of revival that was
once on this earth with the tents, with
Jack Coe and William Brandon and
with Kathryn
Kuhlman
and Brother
Hagin
or Roberts,
take us to the deeper part of the well.
Lord, raise up men and women, the new
Davids and the new Esthers of this
generation that you've called us to the
kingdom for such a time as this.
The people would have an urgency in
their hearts. Lord, fan that flame;
we can't do it on our own. Lord, you
have to
fan the flame and the youth and
the revival again.
Raise up revivalists. Raise them up,
Lord, right now. They're there. Bring
them forth,
new Billy Grahams,
new John Wesleys.
But revival starts with us.
Revival starts with my house. As
for me and my house, we will serve the
Lord,
even unto martyrdom if it takes it.
Whatever it takes to get the gospel out,
that we would stir ourselves up and we
would get ourselves up by our bootstraps
and say we are proclaiming that Jesus
Christ is coming and he's coming sooner
than later.
It's time to repent.
We stand before a holy God.
There's so many, Father, that are
lukewarm. You said that
you would rather them be hot or cold,
but if they're lukewarm, you would spew
them out of your mouth.
Shake them, Father.
Wake them up.
Wake them up, Lord. Wake them up, Lord.
Bring the intercessors back to church.
Bring true prayer back to church with
fire in their bellies.
Fire in their bellies, Father.
Stir in the older leaders, God,
those
that have gotten weary in
well-doing.
New wine and new
wineskin.
Father, new wine and Rodney
Howard-Browne
and all the
ones that have been revivalists in the
past. Father, with my friend Billy Burke
and with John
Bevere
and the people that have
preached and ministered to me,
Lord, we ask you to stir in them and
give them a fresh revelation today of
your word.
Stir in them, Father.
Stir inside of them. And Father,
in John Kilpatrick, stir in
them, Father.
Stir in their bellies. Stir in them
right now. Stir in them right now. I
call a stirring in these ministers right
now in the name of Jesus. A stirring
like a whipping, a whipping in their
spirits. Stir in them. Stir in them.
Father, crank that old Model T Ford up.
Lord, you can get it going.
Turn it into a Ferrari fast with
you.
I believe, Lord.
You're not done with these men yet.
You're not done with these people. Stir
in them. Lord,
give them fresh revelation. Give them
fresh revelation knowledge in
Jesus'name.
Over Charis Bible College,
teaching the people the word of God and
who they are in Christ.
Andrew Wommack's ministry, you said you
were going to double it.
I asked you, Father, to bring it to
pass.
Bring it to pass over Andrew. Father,
give him the correct character and the
shoulders to be able to handle it,
Father. The pressure of that
is
a lot.
He already has a big ministry, Lord, but
you said, 'I'm going to bring people
more, and they'll be pillars in these
end
times.'We
ask you, Father, to bring forth the
generals of faith and give them, Father,
a fresh wind
of this generation. Generals of this
generation. Give them a fresh wind.
Father, I ask for a fresh wind into
them, Father.
A fresh wind,
just like you did when you said
their
youth is renewed like the
eagles.
And we thank you, Father, that they have
one more round.
That you keep their hearts clean.
You keep their stomach strong.
You keep their bones strong.
You keep their immune system strong.
When they fly on the planes and
they're
around the people, you keep them strong
in
Jesus'name
that they don't get sick. They have a
high immune system that's good.
Father, I thank you Lord. No cancers, no
diabetes, no Alzheimer's, no nothing
comes nigh to this people. Father,
we are the blood-bought, the
church, the redeemed. That we see the
glory just like you did with Moses. If
you could keep Moses with the glory,
Father, the glory be on us.
Moses was kept alive for all that time.
And he had to yield to death by
saying, 'I'm going home. Lord, it's time
for me to come home.'He had to... it's
like the same way the glory had to
depart off him because the glory was
keeping him alive.
Look at the glory. When the presence of
the Lord comes, it renews you.
When the presence of the Lord comes, it
sustains you.
Your shoes don't get messed up. Your
clothes—the
glory keeps us.
And Father, in your presence is fullness
of glory today.
In your presence, Lord, there is
fullness of glory over your hearts, over
your veins, over
your mind, your will—for 2
Timothy 1:7 says, "God has not given us
a spirit of fear, but of power and of
love and of a well-balanced
mind."Balanced
in every area of our life.
Balanced in your thinking. Balanced in
the word of God. Balanced, not flaky.
Don't get off in weirdoville
because we stay anchored. We're
connected to the tree. We're
connected to the gospel.
We have word and
spirit. We don't get too weird with word
and we don't get too weird in the
spirit. We keep both. It's an anchor
together:
perfect word, perfect spirit, and we
flow.
Father, we're so grateful
that you called us. We could
have been born a hundred years ago, but
you said, "I called you to the kingdom
for such a time as this. You're my
closers."Thank
you, Lord, that we have the
ability to sustain
by the Holy Ghost. He dwells on the
inside of us, Father.
We yield to the Holy Spirit today on
that potter's potter's
wheel.
We yield to you, Holy Spirit.
We yield to the potter's potter's
wheel.
We have this treasure in
earthen
vessels that the excellency of the power
is known of him and not of us.
I say it Father, we have this treasure in
earthen
vessels.
We have that treasure, Lord,
that the excellency of the power is
known of you and not of us.
We decrease that you increase.
We attract to deflect because we're
going vertical.
We keep our eyes on Jesus today.
We thank you, Lord, Father, for the
decisions made for Iran today,
that the people of Iran are liberated,
and
the people of Cuba are liberated.
Father, you'll use him like David to
help bring forth the gospel into these
areas that have been closed off to it.
For you said that the gospel will be
preached throughout the whole world as a
witness and then the end will come. We
will have the glorious gospel preached
in North Korea,
in Taiwan, in
all of Pakistan, and in these areas that
have been so persecuted: Afghanistan
with the Taliban.
I call a shaking with the Taliban, a
shaking with ISIS, a shaking with these
terrorist groups. We call shaking
and
judgment over this where they have held
and persecuted the church in
Nigeria.
We call shaking.
What was that terrorist group's name? I
called it out in the spirit one day and
I didn't even know what I was saying. Do
you remember? It was the ones of
the terrorist group in Nigeria.
Whoever it is, we call them down in
Jesus'name.
Your leaders are running in
terror as we speak in
Jesus'name,
having a road to Damascus experience,
shaking them so they stop killing the
Christian brothers and sisters in
Nigeria. This genocide that is taking
place all throughout Nigeria, we call
a
cease and desist. You're
maneuvering against them in the name of
Jesus, and the church rise up and have
the glory on them so that they'll be so
afraid, knowing there are more with us than
there are with them. That they come at
us one way and flee before us seven.
That this ruthless terrorist
organization is coming to naught in the
name of Jesus.
You sick, foul spirit,
you stop it right now.
We plead the blood of Jesus and we say
the angels of the Lord are over our
brothers and sisters in Nigeria today.
Thank you, Lord,
that
their cries
for
help have not been ignored. That you are
working on their behalf right now with
angelic host aid and assistance. We call
angelic aid and assistance right now.
Go throughout Nigeria
and
into Iran right
now. Angelic aid and assistance.
I see
it really clear:
the angelic aid and assistance over
our friends and our brothers and
sisters in these countries. We
call it over Cuba. We call angelic aid and a
revival in the name of Jesus.
Oh God, we thank you
all throughout the islands of Haiti, all
throughout the drug lords of Haiti,
and over Venezuela,
Argentina,
and all throughout South
America and Brazil, we call forth these
revivals.
Now we pray over the young
man. Who
is he?
Nick
Shirley.
We pray over Nick,
Father, that he finds this corruption in
Jesus'name.
The Lord
told me this is just low-level corruption
that he's uncovering;
this is surface. There are deep taproots
to this corruption in California,
as Gavin Newsom and these men and
women are very corrupt. Father, they
will not make it to the White House.
They will not slither their belly up to
the White House. We call forth
corruption to be uncovered over them in
Jesus'name.
Is it called
Boko?
Boko
Haram.
We call exposing over Boko
Haram
in Nigeria, Father. And we thank
you Lord that the
leaders even of Boko
Haram
would be judged.
We call the leaders of Boko Haram judged
in
Jesus'name.
The hand of the Lord be against them.
The leaders of Boko Haram, I call them to
be judged in
Jesus'name.
Even in their sleep, their judgment
comes.
Persecuting and killing our brothers
and sisters in Nigeria, it stops now.
Oh Father, we thank you
that you judge the leaders,
you judge the followers of this cult of
Boko Haram.
We thank
you, Lord, that it is exposed.
Now, Father, we go back to Gavin
and we thank you, Lord, that Nick
and the other
YouTuber—Father,
we thank you, Lord,
that there's that uncovering of the
surface, that you protect their
families, you protect them,
and that you raise up independent
reporting
investigators to expose this darkness.
We would have a red wave in our
nation all throughout California.
That the voter fraud would be uncovered,
that this stronghold
would be broken in the name of Jesus
over Minnesota. That
Ilhan
Omar will be removed
and bring in new men and
women
who
have integrity and one
nation under God over our nation.
Sharia law will not be over this nation;
we will not have it in any city.
Sharia law will come to
naught
in
Jesus'name
over New York. A shaking over New York.
A shaking over New Jersey. A shaking
over these cities. And we call Chicago
to be shaken with the glory of God.
Sharia law will not be in any of these
areas;
we don't have it even in
Houston.
It's not a Muslim nation; this is a
Christian nation.
Over Canada,
Sharia
law will not take effect.
There'll be a major revival break
forth in Canada in the name of Jesus and
Carney will be removed by votes.
I don't pray any harm towards anybody,
but I ask Father to bring in righteous
people.
I saw a shaking coming to Canada
over British Columbia. And we ask you,
Father, for Alberta
to
be part of America one day.
Is it Ontario or
Alberta?
Alberta.
British Columbia. I'm calling all of it.
They said, 'Well, we want to stay
Canada.'Well,
they haven't done a
good job with you.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Whatever it takes to bring revival to
Canada,
stir it, Lord.
I thank you,
Father, that the signs of the times are
all around us.
I saw Nick and the uncovering of that. There
were
layers of it, and they're only touching
the surface; it was very thin,
rice paper thin, of how dark and deep the
corruption is in California, the
same in Minnesota, and over
Pennsylvania.
It's over Boston. It's over Seattle.
It's over Portland. And there it goes
all the way up—the corruption
in the politics and in the government
over these areas. And it's so deep.
It's like a layer of swamps. And
the
first layer is rice-paper thin of what
they're touching right now, trying to
expose this little stuff. It's barely
even penetrating the corruption that I
see in this. But it goes so deep; the
taproot
is so deep
that it would take internal
investigation, and they would
acid-wash the computers before they even
get there.
There's levels of fraud and levels of
corruption that are beyond human
comprehension.
That's what the Lord was showing me.
It's very dark—darker than what people
realize.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
all is uncovered. Even
in the first couple of layers, Lord,
it
would be so damning to their
careers.
I thank you, Father, that you have your
hand on this and seedtime and harvest,
Lord, is coming to full fruit,
that whatsoever man sows, that will he
also reap on every
level—that
he reaps the fruit of the root of
the seedtime and harvest. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that there's no holding
back anymore, that the full
manifestation of 1 Corinthians 5:5 would
come to full fruition in
Jesus'name.
That you bring the judgment concerning
these things. And there's no more
holding it back concerning Gavin,
concerning the corruption in California.
And a great revival will take place in
California today. We call forth revival
in Portland. We call revival in
Seattle. We call revival in Las Vegas.
We call revival all throughout all these
great blue states and red states.
The greater the blue, the greater the
harvest.
I'm calling a revival in
Hawaii, in Honolulu, and Maui.
We call revival over these states
in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
removing Xi
Jinping.
Father, we call forth his removal and
we call forth the shaking
in
the tyrant government of China.
And we say in the name of Jesus, the
Iron Curtain is coming down. That there
will be a major revival all throughout
China. Father, we call a shaking in
their government, a shaking in their
military, a shaking in their
political structure of all kinds—of all
of their judges, of all their stuff. I
don't know how their government works,
if
it is like America, Lord, but I
call their government to come down and
a
shaking in their nation for
the
great removal of the spirit of God would
come from all over and spread like fire
throughout that land. And the greatest
harvest of souls we've ever seen before
would invade Asia. And we call our
brothers and sisters to be born again,
and miracles and demonstrations of the
glory of God would fill that land in the
name of Jesus from top to bottom, all the
way around the sides.
We call revival. We call healings and
demonstrations and manifestations of the
glory.
Angels'aid
and assistance all throughout
North Korea. And that the superhighway
above—of
translations
like Star Trek—will beam Christians in
all around.
If you did it before, you'll do it
again.
You did it to the disciples; you'll
do it again.
Translations on
the superhighway.
I thank you, Father.
I see that volcano again.
I see the volcano out on the
coast right outside of Oregon
is
rumbling under the water as we speak
right now.
The ground is beginning to shake.
A major sign is about to take
place—a
shaking of the earth's crust, a
shaking of the Ring of Fire. A
shaking of Japan is
coming.
Major earthquakes are coming. I hear the
spirit of the Lord: 'Major earthquakes
are coming.'Temples that were a thousand
years old will be shaken to the ground
in just a matter of
seconds—temples
that will be shaken in India.
And this will be a sign and a wonder of
the shaking that's about to take place
in India.
Monkey temples are coming down.
False idols are coming
down—an
abomination unto our great God.
They are coming down, and in just a
matter of seconds, their temples and
their synagogues will be
crumpled into nothingness
as a sign that God is bringing liberty
and a great revival to that land.
False idols are coming down.
I see things that look like dragons
crumbling in. They're like dragons on
the side of the buildings. I see
dragons
shaking.
This is a
representation of that area. They carved
it in there. There is a principality
over there. The Lord said, 'I'm shaking
it. I'm shaking this. I'm shaking the
stones, the stone structures that have
been an abomination unto me.'A fragrance
before me—the stench. A shaking
of false gods, a shaking of idols
in these lands.
It's a representation of revival
that's coming to the land.
And it will be in the Philippines. It
will be a shaking in the Philippines. A
shaking all throughout
Vietnam. A
shaking in
Vietnam.
Shaken in Rome.
A great financial stability is coming to
Israel. After Jerusalem, there's a
blessing,
and this will bring a
provoking to many nations.
It will be a provoking to the ones that
are upset about God's
favor.
For I have blessed thee and I will
multiply thee,
and there is an exceeding greatness
on that generation.
This one
that I will show and blow on the
covenant
Abrahamic
blessing
to show this generation
a wooing.
There's no replacement
theology—a
shaking,
a blessing,
and it will be seen by the nations.
A re-establishing
of the covenant
and the blessing and the favor.
Fountains of new wealth, fountains of
new resources are coming up out of the
ground
in unlikely places.
Agricultural
blessings—springing
forth new growth of blessing
on agricultural growth.
A breadbasket of the world,
of blessings on fruit and agriculture
out of a little speck.
And it will be seen and it will be known
and it will be a sign and a wonder.
That's what the Lord said.
He said, 'I am done with the
replacement theology and I'm going to
show that it is not.
I'm shaking it.
And you'll have to turn
your head and have a blinded eye to
it by your choice
that I am still the God that I
am
upon my land.
And those that bless you will be
blessed, and those that curse you will
be cursed. And I will multiply you
exceedingly,
those that bless
you.'And
a great river will flow and an
extension of a covenant
to those that bless my land
in the days ahead. You will see this.
Those that bless the land of Israel, I
will bless and I will extend my
covenant.
It's like a cord. I see this cord and
it's like when you plug it in, it
brings life to that land and there'll be
multiplication as you bless my land.
And those that curse it... I see Iran. I
see a turmoil. I see it's almost like
nuclear waste coming up out of the land.
I see black
vapor lines
coming up out of Iran. I see black out
of the Muslim nations that try
to eliminate and annihilate Israel.
There's Turkey.
There's black
like hazardous waste
and their very land
will dry up. And the root of the
plant will dry up,
and it will look like a covering over my land
for the weather
patterns and even out of the soil.
Living water
like a modern-day
Garden of Eden.
The olive groves will be blessed. The
fruit will be blessed.
And this will be a sign and a wonder of
where we are in these last days.
That's what he just said. I heard it
very clear and it was a very clear
vision. I could see the blessing all
over him.
And he said it will be an extension. 'If
your president is smart, he will line up
this way.'And I saw a blessing coming on
as a three-strand cord
that
was not
easily broken. It was a
two-stranded
cord again being extended to it. As
Trump blessed the land, I saw blessing
coming on it. It was
sustaining even more blessing on
America.
It would be known in the realm of
the spirit
that
anti-Semitism will try to rise at an
all-time high in the days ahead around
the
world. As Israel carries out strikes
against Iran,
you will see anti-Semitism rise
and the Jews will come back to the land
in
record numbers because of the anti-Semitism
that will arise upon the world.
But this is my hand bringing forth
prophecy.
I'm bringing my people back to the land
by pressure on the olive.
You're going to see
the people uproot that have been rooted
in certain areas and I will bring home
my fruit
and it will be upon the nation.
As the persecution comes, I will bring
them home.
This is fulfilling what I said I would
do.
That's what you're going to see in
2026, 2027, and 2028. A great
migration
will start to take place.
Sow
into the migration.
They need help;
not all can afford it. Sow into the
migration.
I show them physically and financially.
Sow
into the migration. Help my people to go
home, and they will occupy. God said they
will occupy my land.
It will be very controversial in the
days ahead. You'll hear it on the
news—a
lot of controversy concerning
this.
Oh Lord, praises to your name, for your name is
great and greatly to be praised. I sing
praises to your name,
oh Lord. praises to your
name, oh Lord,
for your name is great.
As you bless
them, I will bless you
and I will multiply you exceedingly.
I think there should be ministries that
are set up just for this, even more
than what Brother Hagee does. Pastor
Hagee,
there
should be more extensions
than
Hagee.
I will extend his life
and
the blessing because he's blessed my
people. I will make
him a pillar in these end times, heal
his body and his heart, and restore the
fountain of youth upon him. He will
live long and finish strong. It will be
at his choice when he wants to come
home. I will let it be
when he is satisfied.
With long life,
I will satisfy you. When you are
satisfied—that's
what the Lord
said—are
you satisfied? If you're satisfied,
then come home; if not, I will satisfy you.
When are you
satisfied? That's what the Lord's
saying.
Life and death are in the power of your
tongue. Say it: 'I will grant you 120
years.'What
do you say?
Boy, that's deep. Lord, I
believe; help my
unbelief. Stretch me, Father.
Forgive me in my thoughts right now.
Hallelujah.
Stretch me, Father.
Glory to God.
The Lord says things that stretch my
flesh and I go,
'Whoa!'Where's
your
faith?
What are you believing God for? Believe
God for big.
You got to come up out of your natural
mind. Renew it with the word of God.
What does the word of God say?
He'll bless you with long life. I will
satisfy you.
What are you believing God for today?
Believe God for bigger than where you
are. That's what he's trying to tell
you. And he said, 'I'll extend you and
multiply your years
exceedingly.'Because
he has done this thing, I
will multiply him exceedingly.
When are you satisfied?
What are you believing for?
Multiple years.
I want to see the rapture of the church.
This generation will not pass before
the Son of Man returns. Watch what he
does.
We will be the generation that
doesn't
taste death.
I believe it.
There will be a generation that will not
taste death.
Look up, for our
redemption draws nigh. Look up
to the throne of God.
Come up higher in your
prayer life with me today.
He said, 'Come up higher in your
time with me. Spend more time with me
and I'll show you all the things that
you need to see.
The greater works that you will do
and I
will work through you. The
demonstrations and the manifestations
are not going to be lacking in any of
you
as you come up.'Come up to the
throne of God. Come up
higher in your prayer life with me
today.
Work with me and I'll work with you.
Come up. No milk. Holy Spirit, open
eyes.
And you'll have
eyes to see all the
things that you need to see. Greater
inventions, greater manifestations of
the glory will flow through you and me.
Oh Father, we give you glory, honor,
and praise.
It will come to pass at
last—the
greater manifestations of
the glory of God and the glorious
church:
healings, demonstrations,
manifestations, and deliverances of all
kinds. The dead will be raised,
the blinded eyes will see,
and I will get all the glory. He said,
'Sadly, there'll be
many of you that turn your back on
this.'You'll
say, 'Oh, it died with the last
disciples.'You'll
reject the things
that I have for you.
It will be sad to me.
It's time for you to flow.
You'll lack no good thing.
I am your source of
your great supply. He says,
'Call unto me.
I will be your
source.'I
have a great open barn;
the barns and the silos are
open. There's nothing you should lack,
nothing holding
you back. It's only in your mind and
what you say
out of your
mouth. What are you saying?
Out of your tongue.
See yourself whole. See
yourself
in my throne. Come up higher in
your thoughts. For out of
your belly...
for life and death are in the power of
your tongue.
What do you say
out of your mouth each day?
For what
you're saying is what you're
living.
Change the tongue.
For the power of life and death is
in your tongue.
The very fruit of what you're living is
what you've been saying.
You're snared by the words.
So come up to the
throne of God
and rest in me.
You think poor and you'll be
poor. For as a man
thinketh
in his heart, so is he.
When you change your
thinking—as
a man thinketh in his heart, so is
he—change
your thinking.
'I'm blessed. I'm favored. I'm empowered
to prosper. I have more than enough. I
can do all things through Christ who
strengthens me.'This is the greater
level, the greater way of thinking.
Change your thinking. For as a man
thinketh
in his heart, so is he.
And what you think and what you meditate
on is what you're going to be saying,
because out of the abundance of the
heart, the mouth speaks.
And when you speak a thing, that is what
you'll be living. How you're
living is what you've been speaking. How
you've been thinking is what you've been
meditating on. And what gets down in
your heart is what is
going to be in the overflow. What's
in your overflow, you'll be speaking.
Change it. Come up to
the throne of God.
Come up higher. For I have greater
things and greater plans for you to walk
in, a greater measure of the greater
anointing that I have for you.
Come up. It's your choice.
You're in the last of the
last days, and many of you don't
even see it. Many of you are still
asleep.
Wake up
now. Come up. For great shakings to
awaken are all around you
and
are going to manifest
through you. I've got great
plans for you.
He
says,
'I am your source. I am the source of your great
supply.'How
will it all happen? You
say, 'How will it all happen?'I can turn
your circumstances
around
in a day if you just come unto me.
I have your great supply.
Seek me and you will find
me. Knock, and the door will be opened
unto you. Seek me. He says, 'Seek me.
Don't seek the thing. Don't seek the
provision. Seek me and I have all that
you need.
I am your great God, Jehovah.
I am that I am
and I lack no good
thing.'That's
what the Lord said;
I heard him so
clearly.
You
are
not
utilizing that which I've given you:
angels unaware, angels on assignment.
The angels are ministering
spirits sent forth to the heirs of
salvation. I
have commissioned my angels.
There
is
much confusion about the angels.
They behold my face, but I've sent them
to help you.
What you say
brings forth in the atmosphere for
them to work on your behalf.
So
say a good thing.
You're snared by your words.
The angelic host are at your disposal,
and they'll work with you on a greater
scale in the days to come.
You'll entertain angels unaware.
Angels aid and assistance.
So go, ministering spirits, and cause the
money to come forth. Go, ministering
spirits, and bring it forth in the name
of Jesus.
I claim x amount of
dollars. I claim this
in the name of Jesus. Now, angels of the
Lord, go, ministering spirits, and cause it
to come forth.
Claim what you need.
Just like Elijah when he
was
sitting by the river and the ravens brought
the bread every day.
The angel ministered to him and
the ravens
brought the food. The
angels ministered to him
and
helped him
out.
Call it forth. Speak for it to come
forth and the blessings come.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God. Well, praise the Lord,
everybody.
The ravens came
and the angels bring forth the increase.
I said
it wrong
before;
the angels didn't bring
the food, the
ravens brought
the food
and
the angels ministered to him.
I feel that anointing so strong on me.
He's
going to restore the fountains of
wealth and bless the people. There
are
good days ahead for
the church
if you just believe it and say it.
Change your words.
Amen and amen. Thank you for
joining me today.
Change is coming and the greatest
outpouring of the Spirit of God is here.
Hallelujah.
Come up
to the throne of God.
It's time to come up higher with the
fire.
Thank you, Father, for your hand on us
and
for your presence.
You're doing all that
we've prayed for. It's coming to pass at
last. The greatest move of God is
right at our doors.
I'm just waiting on Him. I'm not in a
hurry.
He said John Hagee is very cool.
He's going to bless John
Hagee
when he's satisfied;
with long life I will satisfy him.
I know the ravens brought the
bread, but
the
angels
ministered
to
him,
bringing forth the
blessing
and
providing
ministry.
We're not
utilizing them enough. They
are
ministering spirits sent forth to
the heirs of salvation.
There
are
so many people that don't
realize the potential of what we have
access
to.
When the angel came here
in
opal armor, he
spoke
clearly
about what was
coming for our ministry.
He was
beholding the Lord's face;
he wasn't a free
moral agent like us. He
would look
toward the Father every time he would
speak.
That's why we have to come up
as His children and keep our eyes
on the Lord.
The angel had
a
sword of
fire and was standing on guard
watching over me and my
family.
The
Lord said, 'I have assigned this angel
to you to help and protect
you.'His
breastplate was
opal
and
was alive.
Everything is glorious.
I refuse to be a vessel that
is a dam;
I freely
let the Holy
Spirit flow.
Be that river out
of your belly.
Isn't it interesting how it always
goes about two hours, Braden?
Did you get anything out of that today?
We have 90 some people born again. Pretty
successful day. I felt this
presence so strong in this prayer time.
I'm so grateful for him.
You're
talking about them coming back to
their homeland. That was
the Jews coming back to the
homeland. He said, 'I'm bringing them
home.'I
could see them. And you know, in
that vision, I was
looking over and I could see them. I was
seeing fires in cities. I could see
fires in New York.
There's a great Jewish
community there.
I saw a lot of protesting.
I saw cars on
fire. I could see picketing with the
signs and people were upset at the
Jews. Some
people had hoodies on, some people
had big coats on, and they were marching
down. I could see people
protesting and picketing and doing
things. It was all around the
world. I
saw
people, the Orthodox with the
little curls, they were getting their
stuff, moving back home,
getting on planes,
selling what they
had, and reestablishing back in
Israel.
It wasn't just a couple hundred.
It was thousands.
And it's almost like
the
Bat-Signal,
you
know, it's like it's time to come home.
You see everybody's
going back. Braden laughs at me.
The Avengers, time to go home. It's the
symbol. You feel that inside? It's
time to go home. I don't know.
It's like
what is happening? It's time to go home.
I feel it inside.
Thank you, Lord, that you're bringing
Elon Musk to the saving knowledge of the
Lord Jesus today.
You know, when he was teasingly
saying he was an alien, I said he's not.
He has something backing him, that
big devil behind him, giving him the
wisdom he does and all this, the
Nephilim, because it's as in the days of
Noah. I keep his
heart before me to pray
for him to get born again. He seems like
a really nice guy. I thought,
wouldn't it be cool if Elon Musk got
radically saved?
Yeah, he's the world, but there's just
something about him. I like him.
He's just kind of quirky. You can play
that.
It's pretty wild.
It's because I'm an alien and I keep trying to
tell
people I'm an alien, but they
don't believe me.
I believe you.
Thank you.
I believe you. That's my suspicion
all along, that you're
just trying to get back to my
home
planet. You're
a
friendly alien.
There's nothing wrong with aliens. I
like people from everywhere,
even other planets.
He's
saying the truth. There's something
different. That's why I told you I
saw it was a hybrid. I've always
said he's a hybrid. There's something
different about him. When I saw it
in the spirit when I was praying
that day, there was a
critter behind him. And I say critter is
the devil. It was influencing
his mind on Nephilim.
It's not like the giants.
Seeing giants rule the land,
I don't get into all that really deep,
but there's stuff there that I see and I
go, isn't that interesting? But I
just believe God that he would get
radically saved, radically on
fire for Jesus.
So,
I pray this video blessed you all
today. Like I said, we prayed.
Was there a lot of stuff
the Lord showed us today?
He showed you
earthquakes again,
volcanoes, things like that,
and
praying over Nick, praying over
Ben Johnson, praying over his family. We
prayed over everything. But we just
prayed for revival today.
So, we're so grateful
for every one of you that joined us
today and we will be back again
tomorrow. I don't know, do y'all like
this new time? This is something
different. I know I'm talking to a
different crowd than normally.
We're usually on late at night and I
talk to the people in Australia a lot,
but I don't even know where you're
from right now.
There's people from
Germany. They said it's like
mid-noon
there or whatever. Not like 6:00 or
7:00
there in Europe.
So you're in Europe. A lot of Europeans
watching right now, huh?
Yeah,
they said they're excited that they
could watch it later.
So it's like, where are you from? Tell us
right now where you're from in the
chat. We're curious. I'm curious
where you are. I'm trying to
reach people that I never reach. So
I came on at what was it last
night? I came on at
5:00
and then at 4:00 or 5:00 or
whatever it was. And then I usually come
on at night, and I said, 'Let's do
one in the morning and let's see
what happens.'I'm curious about where we
are. We always hit about the same number,
7,000 to 10,000 people come and pray
with us. So it's kind of the
same number, but different time
zone.
Brazil,
Kansas,
Wisconsin. So we have a lot of Americans.
Pennsylvania. Yeah, there's a lot
of
it.
Jamaica.
I've always wanted to go to Jamaica.
Norway,
Trinidad.
Wouldn't that be fun? Go down there,
Columbia.
Go to the Bahamas.
How's it been rebuilt after that
major hurricane? I wonder how Jamaica
was after that Category 5 hit them.
Did it just destroy everything? Is
it pretty much leveled? I wonder
how the tourist industry is right now
because
I'm sure some of it's pretty rough.
It was just a couple of months ago.
The cruise boats probably still go
there.
But
so is there anything else? Any news?
Nothing. I haven't seen anything else.
Like I said, when that anointing
lifted off of me when I messed up, I
could feel it and it was so strange
when I said that, and the Lord corrected
so strong, and I said, 'Oh, I said that
wrong,'when
he said that, and I
thought
it's all work in progress, all learning.
Nothing else.
I don't see nothing.
All my communion cups for the last two
days in there. I got to clean up after
myself. No, it's
like spokey spoke.
Maybe
nothing.
Well, praise the Lord. I won't keep you
all anymore. Enjoy your afternoon. Have
a wonderful evening wherever you are. And
we will see you again tomorrow. We'll
keep praying. I'll try a different time
then. Maybe I'll surprise you in early
afternoon. I don't know. I'm trying.
Like I said, I'm just trying to see.
Right now it's here. So,
it's time for lunch and stuff. But
God bless you all. Remember, we love
you. Jesus loves you. Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart. And
we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.